[phone ringing]
[man] Hello.
Hey, Jodie.
Oh, I see.
Yeah. No problem at all.
I'm just killing some time
until the meeting, that's all.
-All right, I'll talk to you later.
-[phone beeps]
My name is Andre Camel.
I've come to Japan with a mission--
to track down the Black Organization.
What do we have here?
Café, huh?
[cool jazz playing]
The aroma of freshly ground coffee.
A soothing jazzy soundscape.
Not too hot, not too cold.
Just right.
I could tell from the moment I entered,
this café was a winner.
[Amuro] Hi, welcome.
Did you drive here today?
Yeah, I parked nearby.
[gasps] What?!
No way!
May I take your order, sir?
Why… are you here?
Have you decided yet?
Oh… Let me see here.
This guy, what on Earth
is he even doing here?
He's a constant thorn in my side.
If you aren't ordering anything,
I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Well, what's it gonna be, huh?
Uh, all right.
I'll have an American.
Oh?
What's the problem?
Did I say something wrong?
Just a moment.
[gasps] This coffee, it's amazing.
It has a uniquely rich tartness to it.
I'm glad you enjoy it.
It's funny how they call
the light roast here American.
The first time I heard it,
I was trying to get an Americano.
Imagine my surprise
when they handed me this.
I bet the Japanese named it
after how us Americans
like to water down our coffee.
[chuckles]
Well, now, sounds like somebody's
been doing their homework,
Mr. FBI.
Would you mind if I got something to eat?
The Macaroni Gratin sounds good.
That's not exactly easy to prepare.
It'll take a little while.
A while, huh? How long's that?
Hmm.
[Andre groans]
What can you make
that's pretty quick, then?
Well, now that you mention it,
there is one thing.
Mm! I can't believe how good these are.
The spread mingles
with the other ingredients,
creating a beautiful harmony.
Is that a hint of vinegar
I detect in the mayo?
What is your secret ingredient?
Whatever happened to that woman
you're always with?
[snarls]
Uh, who knows?
Is she working on another case?
You've been here awhile.
Don't you have to meet up with her soon?
Just how is that any of your business?
-[plates rattle]
-Well, aren't you the lucky one!
I really don't care why you're in Japan.
But taking a casual midday coffee break?
Lazy westerners like you
make me downright jealous.
It's like you spend half your lives
having afternoon tea.
[phone buzzing]
It's Jodie.
Uh…
All right, you've made your point.
I'll get going.
Well, thanks for the food.
Come again soon.
[Andre] That cafe
had the perfect atmosphere.
The perfect coffee.
Even the perfect food.
But it had the worst staff I'd ever met.
Huh? What the…?
What's with this huge crowd?
A fireworks festival?
They're closing the street!
I've gotta hurry!
[groans]
That was way too close for comfort.
If I'd stayed at that cafe any longer,
my car would have been stuck
in that crowd.
Wait!
Did he know this was going to happen?
Is that why…?
No way.
-Huh?
-[fireworks bursting]
[chuckles]
In any case, I should thank him later.
Who knows where I'd be
if he didn't step in?
That Toru Amuro.
I guess he's not so bad.
[theme song playing]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yay-yay-yay ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
COFFEE POIROT
PRIVATE EYE
DETECTIVE CONAN - ENJOY
A SLICE OF TORU AMURO'S LIFE!
[cheerful music playing]
All right, let's get you
all nice and cleaned up.
-[soft jazz playing]
-[glass rattling]
Hmm.
Hmm?!
Looks like four toes,
and each one definitely has a claw.
Doesn't look like a cat, though.
A dog? Or maybe a raccoon.
The print's about two centimeters long.
I guess it could be a weasel?
Hmm?
[contents rattling]
Wait, it was you?
So you're the rascal
who put those paw marks on my car.
Well, aren't you the little trouble maker.
-[dog whimpers]
-Huh?
Wait a second. Aren't you…?
You're that puppy
from the river bank the other day.
[yips]
[chuckles]
Where is that…?
Ah, there!
You want to try some?
[laughs] All right, calm down.
Gimme a second here
while I take the seeds out.
They aren't…
good for you, you know?
Here you go, eat up.
Hmm? No collar, huh?
Just how far did you go to get here?
[phone buzzing]
-What's wrong, Kazami?
-[dog whimpers]
Yeah, I'm close.
Got it. Wait right there.
I'm heading over now.
[whimpering]
-[engine revs]
-[dog yips]
Haro!
Make sure you keep your eyes open.
Yeah, I'm counting on you.
I'll work on the other case.
Huh?
[suspenseful music playing]
[object whooshes by]
[steps on roof]
You again?
-[yips]
-How did you get here?
Okay, little guy,
let's get you down from there.
Here we go.
[yawns]
[whimpers]
Gimme a break.
[yipping]
[whimpering]
[sighs] Were you waiting there
the whole night?
Sorry, kiddo,
but I can't take you inside.
This place doesn't
allow its tenants to have pets.
Or that's what I thought.
[yipping]
Huh?
Your leg is injured.
Thankfully it's not infected.
Let's wash it and apply Vaseline
just in case.
All better now.
[dog whimpers]
Sorry, but I've got to get going.
And I can't have you
sticking around here.
Got that?
[whimpers]
[yips]
Thanks, Kazami. That sounds right.
Talk soon.
-[crash]
-Hmm?
[whimpering]
-[gasps]
-[yipping]
[cat hisses]
-[cat snarls]
-[dog yipping]
You're always getting into trouble.
[whimpers]
Why do you keep showing up
wherever I go, huh?
You've got to stop following me.
I hate seeing you in pain all the time.
I won't mend your cuts and bruises again.
Be good, now.
[whimpering]
[brakes squealing]
[gasps]
Hey, are… are you okay?
I'm fine.
Just me being clumsy, that's all.
Seriously, I'm all right.
There's no reason to be worried.
Really? Well, that's a relief.
Stay safe!
I told you not to follow me
around anymore.
Don't you know
how close you came to dying?
Having to nurse your injuries
over and over again,
do you have any idea
how painful that is for me?
[mother] You've got to stop this.
I told you, no more fighting.
Yeah, but they…
I won't always be here to bandage you,
so stop relying on me to help.
You know, I won't be here much longer.
What if that whole time…
This is it, Rei. Farewell.
So, was it all on purpose?
It all makes sense now.
It's time to stop fighting.
[dog whimpering]
Hey, what's the matter?
Come on, it's okay.
[theme song playing]
Let's go home together.
[woman singing in Japanese]
♪ Find the truth ♪
♪ We arise today ♪
♪ Promise to yourself ♪